Add a shorter video introduction to the home page (#1769)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: README.rst

A beautiful map is worth a thousand words.
To truly understand how powerful PyGMT is, play with it online on `Binder <https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/try-gmt>`__!

> But if you need some convincing first, watch this `1 hour introduction <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSIGJEe0BIk>`__ to PyGMT!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you need some convincing first, watch this `1 hour introduction <https://youtu.be/SSIGJEe0BIk>`__ to PyGMT!
```

Author: Marking this as resolved since there will no longer be a direct link.

> For a quicker introduction, check out our `3 minute overview <https://youtu.be/4iPnITXrxVU>`__!

Reviewer 2: I think we can just keep the 3 min part here. Suggest moving the 1 hour intro sentence after the 3 min video.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should remove the link to the 1-hour video, because we already have more update-to-date tutorials and gallery examples.

Author: I removed the tutorial link from this paragraph and added a reference to the external resources page in the following paragraph. Let me know if you rather only keep references to our internal gallery and examples.
